README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/Qu1nel/S.S.C/blob/github/.github/source.png" height=400px />
</p>

<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Qu1nel/S.S.C?color=g" alt="License" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/Qu1nel/S.S.C?color=purple" alt="Count of Languages" />
</p>

# About S.S.C

S-some S-source C-code - Some source code.\
The repository is aimed at storing not particularly important, but possibly interesting source code.

## Preview code

- [L-systems](src/Python/L-systems/) - Simple implementation of L-systems visualization. [_Python_]
- [RainbowSpiral](src/Python/RainbowSpiral) - The usual script that outputs a rainbow spiral. [_Python_]
- [RayCasting](src/Python/RayCasting) - 3D visualization project using the idea of ray casting. [_Python_]
- [Hello world x86_32bit](src/Assembly/Hello_world_x86_32) - Simple "Hello, World!" on Assembler. [_NASM_]
- [TypeHinting Example for Python](src/Python/TypeHinting) - Examples of the use of different Type Hints. [_Python_]
- [Hello World in different languages](src/HelloWorlds) - The X language examples are located in the X folder in the main file

## Developers

- [Qu1nel](https://github.com/Qu1nel)

## License

[Apache-2.0](./LICENSE) © [Ivan Kovach](https://github.com/Qu1nel/)

This Project Qu1nel.S.S.C in distributive under the **[Apache-2.0 License](./LICENSE)**, and it also uses those codes that are
distributed under the **[Apache-2.0 License](./LICENSE)**.

Commit message:

[chore:meta] Update `README.md`
Added information about the UnixTools directory and the wc program.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/Qu1nel/S.S.C/blob/github/.github/source.png" height=400px />
</p>

<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Qu1nel/S.S.C?color=g" alt="License" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/Qu1nel/S.S.C?color=purple" alt="Count of Languages" />
</p>

# About S.S.C

S-some S-source C-code - Some source code.\
The repository is aimed at storing not particularly important, but possibly interesting source code.

## Preview code

- [L-systems](src/Python/L-systems/) - Simple implementation of L-systems visualization. [_Python_]
- [RainbowSpiral](src/Python/RainbowSpiral) - The usual script that outputs a rainbow spiral. [_Python_]
- [RayCasting](src/Python/RayCasting) - 3D visualization project using the idea of ray casting. [_Python_]
- [Hello world x86_32bit](src/Assembly/Hello_world_x86_32) - Simple "Hello, World!" on Assembler. [_NASM_]
- [TypeHinting Example for Python](src/Python/TypeHinting) - Examples of the use of different Type Hints. [_Python_]
- [Hello World in different languages](src/HelloWorlds) - The X language examples are located in the X folder in the main file
- [UnixTools](src/UnixTools) - Tutorial copies of GNU programs.
    - [wc](src/UnixTools/wc) - A copy of the wc C program. [_C_]

## Developers

- [Qu1nel](https://github.com/Qu1nel)

## License

[Apache-2.0](./LICENSE) © [Ivan Kovach](https://github.com/Qu1nel/)

This Project Qu1nel.S.S.C in distributive under the **[Apache-2.0 License](./LICENSE)**, and it also uses those codes that are
distributed under the **[Apache-2.0 License](./LICENSE)**.
